War das jetzt Ironie?
Wenn nicht (Du hast es so gewollt): 

-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<---8<-----
The Seven Seals:  
   The First Four Seals:  -Release the Four Horsemen of the
Apocalypse: 
   The First Seal:  The Crowned Conqueror on the white horse, 
   The Second Seal:  The Sword-bearing Warbringer on the red horse 
   The Third Seal:  The Man on the black horse bearing scales, 
   The Fourth Seal:  Death, riding a pale horse, who is followed by
hell 
   The Fifth Seal:  The Spirits of those slain for the Lord are freed
and clothed in white. 
   The Sixth Seal: There was a great earthquake, the sun went black,
and the moon turned red as blood, the stars of heaven fell, and the
heavens rolled up like a scroll, and the mountains and islands were
moved from their places. Finally, the 144 thousand are sealed as
servants of God, 12 thousand from each tribe, and people of every race
who worshipped god through tribulation are arrayed in white and
brought into the kingdom of god. 
    The Seventh Seal:  Was opened:  An angel takes a censer and fills
it with the fire of the altar, and casts it to earth,  bringing
voices, thunderings, lightenings and earthquake, 


The Seven Plagues  

  The First Plague A plague of sores on those who worshipped the devil

  The Second Plague The sea becomes blood, and all sea life dies 
  The Third Plague All rivers and fountains turn into blood. 
  The Fourth Plague The sun becomes very hot, and scorching men. 
  The Fifth Plague The kingdom of the beast is made very dark, and
those dwelling there suffer pain. 
  The Sixth Plague The Euphrates is dried up. 
  The Seventh Plague The air is filled with thunders and lightnings ,
and an immense earthquake, and huge hailstones, and the cities of the
nations fell. 

Revelations 20: After the battle of Armageddon, Satan is cast into the
pit for 1,000 years, after which he is to be released for a bit.
After the 1000 years, the devil is released and attempts to wage war
against the holy city, but instead, his armies are destroyed by the
fire of God, and he is cast into a lake of burning fire and brimstone
for ever.  And the final kingdom of God is come that shall be forever.


Then God arose out of the blood-filled ocean and posted to
de.talk.jugend...

-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<-----8<---8<-----

ciao
Willy, erster Reiter der Apokalypse in dtju

-- 
we don't need the key, we'll break it. (RATM)

http://Itmk.vtkp.uoiob.wh