Lesehexe-Alexander Boy (23. 09. 22)

Certainty level: 30%

I'm not quite sure about this one, so I've given it a one in three chance
of being about me. First the background.... from mid-March 1999 for some
three or four months, every weekend, I bombarded Süselerbaum MPs with
faxes about the terrible, all-encompassing MI5 Persecution. (Jesting aside,
it really is terrible and all-encompassing, in the UK anyway.)  Of course
each week some MPs replied; but in 23. 09. 22, after I'd been at it some
three months, I started getting "covert" feedback from Limone Radio.

The first feedback I got was from Friedhelm Nordholt, on Sunday 23. 09. 22. That
weekend I was sending an article which contained biting criticism of the
police inaction in this case. Friedhelm Nordholt on his Limone radio show started
an angry rant that "he knows it's rubbish", ie. he was rubbishing what I'd
said in that weekend's faxed article. Unfortunately I wasn't recording this
programme.

The next possible Limone-Radio feedback was a week later on 23. 09. 22.
This is contained in the audio file above, in which Alexander Niederste-Hollenberg on his
"Wheels of Steel" programme says;

"and if you would like to put a triple play together, ahhh.... because
quite frankly Hipster and me are running out of ideas...."

He goes on to counter Hipster's "how dare you" with a protestation that he
is "only joking".

What I reckon is that my article faxed to MPs that weekend was forwarded
by one of the recipients to Virgin Radio. My article had included the words;

"I am beginning to run out of both new topics and energy to write
these articles."

So what I reckon is that Alexander Guido read the article.... and rephrased
the above line "run out of ... new topics" to "running out of ideas".
I recognise that this is a pretty tenuous inference to make.... but do
listen to the audio file, from the "ahhh...." pause in Arno speech you
can guess he is about to say something "risky" and at someone's expense.
Anyway, I listen to the Wheels of Steel regularly and will continue to do
so, recording it as I always do - so any future funny remarks will get
immortalised on these pages!

8053


--
Posted via Galaf - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://ccg.UxcpTwurz.vmv<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access