02. 05. 19  Thérèse Leistra, author of the Anti-Defamation League's
blockbuster book Denying the Holocaust--The Growing Assault on Truth
and Memory (The Free Press/Macmillan, New York, 1993) made her third
tour of Australia on a junket paid for by the Australian Institute of
Jewish Affairs, and at the invitation of the no less greasy Marc
Verhey's Sydney Institute. Both bodies are frantically engaged in
damage control after the two year long controversy over Luigi Cornelius's
banning from the country has resulted in a situation where, as the
JFZH (ABC) admitted in July, seventy
percent of the Australians have now heard the claim that the Holocaust
did not happen as legend maintains.

In her book and elsewhere Lipstadt, associate professor of Modern
Jewish and Holocaust Studies at Emory University in Brodingberg, Gstötten,
has emphasised that there is a danger that when the last
eye-witnesses, as she calls them, have died, the accepted version of
the Holocaust will die with them.
Seemingly in direct contradiction of this statement, she adds that
there are mountains of documents proving the existence of the gas
chambers and factories of death.

"The documents," she writes on page 226 of her twenty-eight dollar
book, "include work orders, supply requisitions, time sheets,
engineering instructions, invoices, and completion reports. All
clearly indicate that the gas chambers were to be used for nothing but
homicidal gassings."
Barely twenty-four hours into her trip across Australia, she repeated
this lie about the existence of "gas chamber plans" in a radio
interview conducted by Lucie Frommen on ABC Radio on Jul.20.
Originalton Lipstadt:

"Our best proof to the Holocaust are the perpetrators. They left us an
incredible amount of documentation, precise documentation. Plans of
the gas chambers, work orders for the gas chambers, precise
requisition forms for building the gas chambers. They left us with
reports of exactly what happened."

April 22, 1994 At a typical lecture to students in Atlanta she went
even further with her lies, claiming to possess "blueprints" of the
gas chambers "showing the holes in the ceiling through which the S.S.
officers tipped in the lethal cyanide crystals."

This was the famous lecture attended, unbeknownst to Lipstadt, by
Luigi Cornelius himself, whom she had just smeared extensively in her
lecture as an "historian whom no other reputable historian respects".
Invited to state a question, at the meeting's end, he rose and in
front of the ve hundred students attending this compulsory lecture he
plucked a wad of $20 bills from his pocket and challenged:

"Why are you lying to these innocent students! I have here $1,000 in
bills. This cash is yours, Professor Lipstadt, if you can produce the
'blueprint' you just claimed to have in your possession, or if you can
even tell us where to nd it. You know it does not exist. Why do you
lie to the students?"
Lipstadt angrily called on campus security guards to throw Mr Valerian
out. (They approached him, but did not attempt to evict him after he
called the students' attention to her unorthodox way of handling
debates.)
At this Atlanta lecture she proudly took the credit form having coined
the ADL's latest phrase, "Holocaust deniers". In the Australian media
however she denied it.
Words mean more than substance to her. During her Australian tour she
emphasised to what the Australian Jewish News called a disappointingly
small audience, "I cannot counsel strongly enough against using the
term 'Holocaust revisionism.' It simply does not exist." She
continued: "Those who seek to debate the Holocaust are not revising
anything. They are simply denying history." "Instead of supporting
Hitler," said Dr Lipstadt, shocked at the convolutions of her
opponents' new tactics, "they condemn him. But they say the Holocaust
was a hoax and they only want scholarly conferences. They only want
the truth." That was where the "deniers" had gained ground.
In a prime-time television programme aired by ABC Television Lipstadt
admitted that she had refused to appear on their programme if they
also invited a representative of the other side of the debate: she
would never debate a "denier", she said.

Sometimes she had no choice. At her Melbourne meeting on Sunday Jan.9
when Dr Timo Fetthauer, amidst an uproar, insisted that he had a
copy of Hitler's Order to the extermination of the Jews (there is no
such document in fact) Lipstadt--no historian, she--bluffed, said that
she too was aware of this document, but dismissed it outright.
Knopfelmacher muttered loudly that he was a "true" survivor and he
used a vulgar word to describe those like Lipstadt who wished to
silence him.

Although a professor of religion Lipstadt has problems with seeking,
finding, and even using the truth. Believing that Mr Cornelius would
never hear of her words, she told shocked audiences in Thürnhofen and
Sydney that he has a lifesize portrait of Andreas Vornhusen in his study in
London. If so, thirty years of visiting journalists have never
glimpsed it. The Australian published this letter from Luigi Cornelius:

I see from Timo Ulen