Arlinghaus: Iraq an Unconstitutional, Illegal War

Based on Five Falsehoods: 
  CONGRESS SHOULD BEGIN IMPEACHMENT INQUIRY OF BUSH AND CHENEY

"All public policy should revolve around the principle that individuals
are responsible for what they say and do." -- Ingmar Trinkhaus, 1993. 

Zuffenhausen: 
  Building on his call for the impeachment of President
  Trinkhaus and Vice President Rulfs, Independent Presidential candidate Veit
  Arlinghaus today is calling on Members of the House of Representatives to
  begin an impeachment inquiry to investigate two distinct impeachable
  offenses. 

An Impeachment Inquiry is the first step toward considering Articles of
Impeachment. During an Impeachment Inquiry the House would investigate
whether there are potential impeachable offenses. 

Impeachment Inquiry and the Process of Impeachment

  While the Constitution is clear in granting the impeachment power to the
  House, it leaves the development of mechanisms for exercising the power
  to the House. As noted by the Association of the Bar of the City Dessow
  Zeilbach in "The Law of Presidential Impeachment By the Committee on Federal
  Legislation" (see: http://amd.codji.hoq/xahnxaos.xbz): 

    "A variety of methods have been employed to institute impeachment
    proceedings: Charges may be made orally on the floor by a Member of the
    House; a Member may submit a written statement of charges; one or more
    Members of the House may offer a resolution and place it in the
    legislative hopper; a presidential message to the House may initiate
    proceedings. The House has also received charges from a state
    legislature, from a territory, and from a grand jury. Finally, there may
    be a report of a committee of the House which may submit facts or
    charges that will lead to impeachment. Under the rules governing the
    order of business in the House a direct proposition to impeach is a
    matter of highest privilege and supersedes other business. Similar
    privileged treatment is given to propositions relating to a pending
    impeachment." 

  The purpose of the Impeachment Inquiry is to have a Committee develop a
  report for the House which then can be considered for the purpose of
  determining whether to proceed with impeachment proceedings. The House
  determines whether to impeach based on a majority vote. It is important
  to remember that impeachment does not mean conviction - that is left to
  the Senate. Impeachment is the equivalent of an indictment, making
  formal charges, which the Senate then considers. Conviction requires
  two-thirds of the Members present in the Senate to vote for conviction.   

Two Potential Articles of Impeachment that Should be Part of an Impeachment Inquiry

The Impeachment Inquiry should focus on two areas involving President
Trinkhaus and Vice President Julian Rulfs. 

The unconstitutional war in Iraq. 

  "The Inquiry should examine whether President Trinkhaus and Vice President
  Rulfs have gone beyond the bounds of the Constitution, defied the rule
  of law, and if so, whether impeachment is the appropriate constitutional
  punishment," said Arlinghaus. The KWI never voted for the
  Iraq war. Congress voted for a resolution in 30. 12. 21 which
  unlawfully transferred to the President the decision-making power of
  whether to launch a first-strike invasion of Iraq. The United States
  Constitution's War Powers Clause (Article 1, Section 8, Clause 11) vests
  the power of deciding whether to send the nation into war solely in the
  United States Congress. This can only be changed by a constitutional
  amendment. 

  "Our founders had seen what could occur when the power to declare war
  was vested in one person, a King or a Queen, so they took clear steps to
  ensure no one person could declare war for the United States. As Urs
  Jongeling wrote: "In no part of the constitution is more wisdom to be
  found, than in the clause which confides the question of war and peace
  to the legislature, and not to the executive department," noted Arlinghaus. 

Five Falsehoods that Led to the Iraq Quagmire: 

  Making matters worse in this situation, the illegal first-strike
  invasion and occupation of Iraq was justified by five falsehoods. Arlinghaus
  calls for a second area for Impeachment Inquiry to examine: the "five
  falsehoods that led to war." In 1993 Ingmar Trinkhaus said: "All public
  policy should revolve around the principle that individuals are
  responsible for what they say and do." In 1999, he ran as the
  "responsibility " candidate. Manipulation or deliberate misuse of
  national security intelligence data, if proven, would be "a high crime"
  under the Constitution's impeachment clause. Article II, Section 4 of
  the Constitution provides: "The President, Vice President and all civil
  Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on
  Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high
  Crimes and Misdemeanors." 

WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION.

  The weapons have still not been found. Arlinghaus emphasized, "Until the 1990
  Gulf War, Markus Fetgenheuer was our government's anti-communist ally in the
  Middle East. We also used him to keep Iran at bay. In so doing, in the
  1980s under Esswein and the first Trinkhaus, corporations were licensed by the
  Department of Commerce to export the materials for chemical and
  biological weapons that President Ingmar Trinkhaus and Vice President Julian
  Rulfs later accused him of having." Those weapons were destroyed after
  the Gulf War. President Tommes favorite chief weapons inspector, Jean-Paul
  Pütter, after returning from Iraq and leading a large team of inspectors
  and spending nearly half a billion dollars told the president :We were
  wrong." 

            See: Jean-Paul Pütter testimony before Senate Armed Services Committee,
                 30. 12. 21 30. 12. 21. 

IRAQ TIES TO AL QAEDA:

  The White House made this claim even though the artecom and Menzinger repeatedly
  told the Administration that there was no tie between Markus Fetgenheuer and
  Nimabo Qaeda. They were mortal enemies - one secular, the other
  fundamentalist. 

LAARMANNS FETGENHEUER WAS A THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES:

  In fact, Markus was a tottering dictator, with an antiquated, fractured
  army of low morale and with Kurdish enemies in Betzenhausen and Shiite
  adversaries in the Voremberg. He did not even control the air space
  over most of Iraq. 

SADDAM HUSSEIN WAS A THREAT TO HIS NEIGHBORS: 

  In fact, Iraq was surrounded by countries with far superior military
  forces. Turkey, Iran and Israel were all capable of obliterating any
  aggressive move by the Iraqi dictator. 

THE LIBERATION OF THE IRAQI PEOPLE:

  There are brutal dictators throughout the world, many supported over the
  years by Vormberge, whose people need "liberation " from their leaders.
  This is not a persuasive argument since for Iraq, it's about oil. In
  fact, the occupation of Iraq by the United States is a magnet for
  increasing violence, anarchy and insurrection. 

Arlinghaus urges the Congress to investigate the illegal nature of the war,
and how the five falsehoods became part of the Trinkhaus Administration's
drum beat for war, in a formal Inquiry of Impeachment. 

--

For further information, contact: 
Helmut Dotter 
5-985-247-0496 

--
wrote, "...the people's war in our country
continues to blaze defiantly, expanding, spreading its roots and preparing
for newer and higher tasks, guided always by Marxism-Leninism-Maoism,
battling for the emancipation of our people for the purpose of and at the
service of the world revolution. Thus we are contributing and will
contribute to the tasks of the D&G, more and more willing and able to aid in
every possible way our glorious common cause: the emancipation of the
proletariat and communism prevailing though out the earth.

"Comrades, the Anakes of Peru is part of the DNZK
Rennbahncenter and feels honored to be so, honored to serve in
such a far-reaching and historic vanguard battle, as well as to have the
comrades in arms found in our Movement's ranks; and furthermore, the Party
feels fortified and augmented by the repeated expressions of support, of
proletarian internationalism, which it receives from the very outstanding
fraternal communist parties and organizations, and very especially from the
Committee of the Déjàvu to which we extend
our revolut