HOW TO TURN $7 into USD10000 without risk????

You know that you spend a good deal of money on useless stuff, me too. so i
thought, what
the heck, I'm going to try one of these "scams". Now
to my amazement, my e-gold account grew from rarely a dollar to a 4-digit
sum. I AM
HAVING FUN AT THE SAME TIME AND WISHING THAT I WOULD
HAVE DONE THIS SOONER! THIS IS LONG, SO IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO READ IT ALL NOW, JUST "COPY AND PASTE", IT IS
SOOO WORTH IT! DON'T TAKE MY WORD FOR IT, JUST TRY IT!

How to turn $7 into $10000!
READING THIS COULD CHANGE YOUR LIFE! SO JUST DO IT!
This really works!
Hello, I'm like a lot of others out there who spends enormous sums at
presents and resultingly find myself with clear pockets and I decided to try
something new.
Please read and see what results another got, it's
pretty exciting!

It REALLY CAN MAKE YOU EASY MONEY!! IT WORKS!!!
BUT YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW IT TO THE LETTER FOR IT TO WORK!!!!
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it. A
little while back, I was browsing through newsgroups
and came across an article similar to this that said
you could make thousands of dollars within weeks with
only an initial investment of $7! So I thought,
us, I was curious, so I kept reading. Anyway, it
said that you send $1 to each of the 7 names and
accounts stated in the article. You then place your own
name and address in the bottom of the list at #7,
and post the article in at least 200 newsgroups.
(There are thousands)

No catch, that was it. So after thinking it over, and
talking to a few people first, I thought about trying it.
I figured: "what have I got to lose except $7, right?" Then I invested the
measly
$7. Well GUESS WHAT!!... Within days, I started
getting money to my account! I was shocked! I
figured it would end soon, but the money just kept
coming in. In my first week, I made about $50. By
the end of the second week I had made a total of over
$1000.00! In the third week I had over $4000
and it's still growing.

This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of
just over $12000 and it's still coming in rapidly.
It's certainly worth the funny sum of $7, I have
spent hundred times more than that on useless stuff I can't even find now!!
Let me tell you how this
works and most importantly, why it works.... Also, make sure you
print a copy of this article NOW, so you can get the
information off of it as you need it. I promise you
that if you follow the directions exactly, that you will start
making more money than you thought possible by doing something
so easy!

Suggestion: Read this entire message carefully!
(Print it out or download it.)
Follow the simple directions and watch the money
come in!
It's easy. It's legal. And, your investment is only $7. No mail.No stamps.
No dollars to spend. ONLY $7 AND A MINUTE TO PAY VIA E-GOLD.
IMPORTANT: This is not indecent; it is not illegal;
and it is virtually no risk - IT REALLY WORKS!!!!
If all of the following instructions are adhered to,
you will receive extraordinary dividends.
PLEASE NOTE: Please follow these directions EXACTLY,
and $100000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days. This program
remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of
the participants. Please continue its success by carefully
adhering to the instructions.
You will now become part of the Honest Gold business.
Here are the 3 easy steps to success:


STEP 1: go to your e-gold account. If you don't have one
you may get it here completely free: http://hgs.r-fzxv.ajz

If you have opened a new account, you may fund it.
Exchange some cash: https://gjj.p-fndlgdmra.kbc

Pay $1 to each account listed below.


1)     Grete Zürner account #1025262

2)     Bertha Prantel account #1100430

3)     Lydia Gollners account #993251

4)     Kim Zupanc account #1100391

5)     Eilt Zschirpe account #1076455

6)     Franco Beckmanns account #1069720

7) Fridolin Gschwantner account #1147654


STEP 2: COPY-PASTE this message. Now take the #1 name off the list that you
see
above, move the other names up (7 becomes 6, 6 becomes 5, etc.) and
add YOUR Name as number 7 on the list.


STEP 3: Change anything you need to, but try to keep
this article as close to original as possible. Now, post
your amended article to at least 200 newsgroups.
(I think there are close to 24,000 groups)
All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post,
the more money you make!


Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and, whenever you
need money, you can use it again, and again.
PLEASE REMEMBER that this program remains successful
because of the honesty and integrity of the participants
and by their carefully adhering to the directions. Look at
it this way. If you are of integrity, the program will
continue and the money that so many others have
received will come your way.

As 7 members will be reimbursed for their
participation in The Honest Gold with $1 each. Your
name will move up the list geometrically so that when your
name reaches the #1 position your account will be flooded with $1
payments!!!

What an opportunity for only $7 !!!!!!
($1 for each of the first seven people listed above)

Send it now, add your own name to the list and you're in business!

---DIRECTIONS ----- FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWSGROUPS------------
Step 1) You do not need to re-type this entire letter
to do your own posting. Simply put your cursor at the beginning
of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this
document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu. This
will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory.

Step 2) Open a blank 'word' file and place your cursor at the
top of the blank page. From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'. This
will paste a copy of the letter into notepad so that you can
add your name to the list.

Step 3) Save your new word file as a .txt file as well. If
you want to do your postings in different settings,
you'll always have this file to go back to.

Step 4) Use Netscape or Internet explorer and try searching for
various newsgroups (on-line forums, message boards, chat sites,
discussions.)

Step 5) Visit these message boards and post this article as a
new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting
paste from the edit menu. Fill in the Subject, this will be the
header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of
postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
You're done with your first one!

Congratulations...THAT'S IT! All you have to do is jump to
different newsgroups and post away, after you get the hang of
it, it will take about 30 seconds for each newsgroup!

**REMEMBER, THE MORE NEWSGROUPS YOU POST IN, THE MORE MONEY
YOU WILL MAKE!! BUT YOU HAVE TO POST A MINIMUM OF 200**
That's it! You will begin receiving money from around the
world within days!

HOW IT WORKS:
Out of 200 postings, say I receive only 5 replies (a very low
example).
So then I made $5 with my name at #7 on the letter.
Now, each of the 5 persons who just sent me $1 make
the MINIMUM 200 postings, each with my name at #6 and only
5 persons respond to each of the original 5, that is another
$25 for me, now those 25 each make 200 MINIMUM
posts with my name at #5 and only 5 replies each, I
will bring in an additional $125! Now, those 125
persons turn around and post the MINIMUM 200 with my
name at #4 and only receive 5 replies each, I will
make an additional $625! OK, now here is the fun
part, each of those 625 persons post a MINIMUM 200
letters with my name at #3 and they each only receive
5 replies, that just made me $3125!!! Those
3,125 persons will all deliver this message to 200
newsgroups with my name at #2 and if still 5 persons
per 200 newsgroups react I will receive $15,625!
 Now say these 15,625 persons post again a minimum
of 200 letters with my name #1 - I will have $78,125 deposited at my e-gold
account!!!
With an original investment of ONLY $7! AMAZING!

When
your name is no longer on the list, you just take the
latest posting in the newsgroups, and send out another $7
to names on the list, putting your name at number 7 again.
And start posting again. The thing to remember is: do you
realize that thousands of people all over the world are
joining the Internet and reading these articles everyday?
JUST LIKE YOU are now!! So, can you afford $7 and see
if it really works?? I think so... People have said,
"what if the plan is played out and no one sends you the
money? So what! What are the chances of that happening when
there are tons of new honest users and new honest people who
are joining the Internet and newsgroups everyday and
are willing to give it a try? Estimates are at 20,000 to
50,000 new users, every day, with thousands of those joining
the actual Internet. Remember, play FAIRLY and HONESTLY and
this will really work